About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, more freedom. And since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. With an arsenal of aweso﻿me products that span spending, saving, travel, transfers, investing, exchanging and more, our super app has helped 35+ million customers get more from their money. And we're not done yet.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ two things are essential to continuing our success: our people and our culture. We've been officially certified as a Great Place to Work™ in recognition of our outstanding employee experience! So far, we have 6,000+ people working around the world, from our great offices or remotely, on our mission. And we're looking for more. We want brilliant people that love building great products, love redefining success, and love turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.

About the role

We approach Data Science at Revolut the same way that we approach everything else. We take complex problems, and create extraordinary solutions that our customers love. Our Data Analysts aren’t kept in the background, doomed to never see the impact of their work. They’re some of our best and brightest problem solvers, deployed to the front-lines to work in Product Teams and deliver rock star solutions 🤘

We’re looking for a superstar Data Analyst who does not believe there is a data task that can be too hard 🦬 From digging into our complex databases, looking for the root cause of a problem to designing their own solutions and writing their own code to implement them. In this process they never stop learning, picking up new skills and delivering value ✨

Up for the challenge? Get in touch 👇

What you’ll be doing

    Understanding our business and its processes through our data
    Applying this understanding and knowledge of data to help product and services teams
    Developing documentation and data governance
    Owning the entire ETL process
    Designing key metrics to measure different aspects of the business
    Creating and maintaining new aggregated views and tables to simplify data querying
    Providing clean data sets to end users, modeling data in a way that empowers end users to answer their own questions

What you'll need

    Previous experience in an analytical role, creating impactful solutions
    Strong background/education in a quantitative discipline
    Great skills with Python, SQL, or other programming languages
    Evidence of strong mathematical and statistics knowledge

Nice to have

    An advanced degree in a core STEM subject
    Strong experience with additional programming languages (Java, Scala, C++, etc.)
    School/University Olympic medal competitions in Physics, Maths, Economics, or Programming